background           = default default
frame                = cyan    default
window_title         = cyan    default
directory            = cyan    default
selected_directory   = cyan    default reverse
playlist             = cyan    default
selected_playlist    = cyan    default reverse
file                 = cyan    default
selected_file        = cyan    default reverse
marked_file          = cyan    default bold
marked_selected_file = cyan    default bold,reverse
info                 = cyan    default
selected_info        = cyan    default bold
marked_info          = cyan    default bold
marked_selected_info = cyan    default bold
status               = cyan    default
title                = cyan    default bold
state                = cyan    default
current_time         = cyan    default bold
time_left            = cyan    default bold
total_time           = cyan    default bold
time_total_frames    = cyan    default bold
sound_parameters     = cyan    default bold
legend               = cyan    default
disabled             = cyan    default
enabled              = cyan    default bold
empty_mixer_bar      = cyan    default bold
filled_mixer_bar     = cyan    default reverse
empty_time_bar       = cyan    default
filled_time_bar      = cyan    default reverse
entry                = cyan    default bold
entry_title          = cyan    default bold
error                = cyan    default bold
message              = cyan    default
plist_time           = cyan    default
